[docs] Add Design resources in installation (#22209)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/discover-more/related-projects/related-projects.md

## Design resources

<a href="https://material-ui.com/store/items/sketch-react/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=installation-sketch" style="margin-left: 8px; margin-top: 8px; display: inline-block;"><img src="/static/images/download-sketch.svg" alt="sketch" /></a>
<a href="https://material-ui.com/store/items/figma-react/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=installation-figma" style="margin-left: 32px; margin-top: 8px; display: inline-block;"><img src="/static/images/download-figma.svg" alt="figma" /></a>

> A set of reusable components for design tools is available, designed to match the React components and help you craft great products:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A set of reusable components for design tools is available, designed to match the React components, and to help you craft great products:
```

> A set of reusable components for design tools are available. These kits are designed to match the React components and help you craft great products:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A set of reusable components for design tools is available, designed to match the React components and help you craft great products:
```

> - [Sketch](https://material-ui.com/store/items/sketch-react/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=related-projects-sketch): A large UI kit with over 600 handcrafted Material-UI's symbols 💎.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Sketch](https://material-ui.com/store/items/sketch-react/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=related-projects-sketch): A large UI kit with over 600 handcrafted Material-UI symbols.
```

> - [Figma](https://material-ui.com/store/items/figma-react/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=related-projects-figma): A large UI kit with over 600 handcrafted Material-UI's components 🎨.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Figma](https://material-ui.com/store/items/figma-react/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=related-projects-figma): A large UI kit with over 600 handcrafted Material-UI components.
```

> - [Framer](https://packages.framer.com/package/material-ui/material-ui): A small MIT UI kit preview of handcrafted Material-UI's component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Framer](https://packages.framer.com/package/material-ui/material-ui): A small free UI kit of Material-UI components.
```
